en: update for logs of tiflash (#785)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

      storageClassName: local-storage
```

> TiFlash mounts all PVs to directories such as `/data0` and `/data1` in the container in the order of configuration. TiFlash has 4 log files. Print proxy log to the standard output of the container. The other 3 logs stored on the disk, which are `/data0/logs/flash_cluster_manager.log`, `/ data0/logs/error.log`, `/data0/logs/server.log`, are in the `/data0` directory by default. To modify the log storage path, refer to [Configure TiFlash parameters](#configure-tiflash-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiFlash mounts all PVs to directories such as `/data0` and `/data1` in the container in the order of configuration. TiFlash has four log files. The proxy log is printed in the standard output of the container. The other three logs are stored in the disk under the `/data0` directory by default, which are `/data0/logs/flash_cluster_manager.log`, `/ data0/logs/error.log`, `/data0/logs/server.log`. To modify the log storage path, refer to [Configure TiFlash parameters](#configure-tiflash-parameters).
```
